[WIP] OSSMDOC-462: added content for using kiali to confirm bookinfo installation (#44411)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-tutorial-bookinfo-verify-install.adoc

.Prerequisites

> * {SMProductName} {SMProductVersion} installed.

Reviewer: Let's delete the version variable here, I don't think it's important to specify which version of Service Mesh to have installed.

Author: Done

.Prerequisites

* {SMProductName} {SMProductVersion} installed.
* Complete the steps for installing the Bookinfo sample app.

.Procedure from CLI

> . Log in to the CLI.

Reviewer: This is a bit of a nitpick, but one of the reasons why I always write "{product-title} CLI" is to reinforce that Service Mesh does not support the Istio CLI (`istioctrl`).

Author: Done

echo "http://$GATEWAY_URL/productpage"
----
. Copy and paste the output in a web browser to verify the Bookinfo product page is deployed.

.Procedure from Kiali web console

> . Obtain the address for the Kiali web console.

Reviewer 2: This is probably fine but why do you need this if you are linking directly from openshift console?  Is {product-title} below going to be openshift or ossm?  It would need to be openshift, I think.

Author: Julie and I thought it would be helpful to include this for new users. Some of the general feedback doc has heard is that customers find it difficult to use Red Hat products. We're just trying to help customers.

The variable on line 54 gets populated with OpenShift. You can see how the variables resolves in the preview build: https://deploy-preview-44411--osdocs.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/service_mesh/v2x/ossm-create-mesh.html#ossm-tutorial-bookinfo-verify-install_ossm-create-mesh

.. Log in to the {product-title} web console as a user with cluster-admin rights. If you use {product-dedicated}, you must have an account with the `dedicated-admin` role.

.. Navigate to *Networking* -> *Routes*.

.. On the *Routes* page, select the control plane project, for example `istio-system`, from the *Namespace* menu.
+
The *Location* column displays the linked address for each route.
+

.. Click the link in the *Location* column for Kiali.

.. Click *Log In With OpenShift*. The Kiali *Overview* screen presents tiles for each project namespace.

. In Kiali, click *Graph*.

> . Select bookinfo from the *Namespace* list, then select App graph.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Select bookinfo from the *Namespace* list, then select App graph from the *Graph Type* list.
```

Reviewer 2: For what it's worth, there is no real need to change the graph type.  You can validate the install with the default graph type, which is "Versioned app graph".  It will show traffic but it would produce a different image than the one you have here in the PR.

Reviewer 2: Looks like this is unchanged, bit that is OK.

+
image::ossm-kiali-graph-bookinfo.png[Kiali displaying bookinfo application]
+

> If no graph appears in the console, then the application might not have obtained data. To update the data:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If no graph appears in the console, then the application might not yet have obtained request traffic or it is not reporting request telemetry.
```

Author: If I understand the subsequent comments correctly, I think we can essentially delete line 73 and replace with new based based on some of your comments.

+

> * If the empty graph message appears, then click *Display idle nodes*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If the empty graph message appears, then enable *Display idle nodes* from the *Display* menu.
  * This display nodes that are dfined but have never received or sent requests.  It can confirm that your application is properly defined but that no request traffic has been reported.
```

Author: Made this edit

> * If the no namespace is selected message appears, then change the Traffic Metric Refresh Rate and the Refresh interval.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Increasing the time period via the *Duration* menu can help ensure older traffic is captured.  The *Refresh Rate* menu can also be used to refresh more or less often, or not at all.
```

Reviewer 2: As written this is not valid.  If the "no namespace is selected message appears" it means exactly that.  It means no namespace is selected, but we covered that in the step abovethat tells them to select the bookinfo namespace.  Changing the duration or refresh rate would have no effect.

Author: Thanks for the review comments, @jshaughn. I've updated the topic, and squashed. The latest edits should now be available in the preview build:

https://deploy-preview-44411--osdocs.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/service_mesh/v2x/ossm-create-mesh.html#ossm-tutorial-bookinfo-verify-install_ossm-create-mesh

> . Click *Istio Config* and confirm that the bookinfo nodes are healthy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click *Services, *Workloads* or *Istio Config* to see list views of bookinfo components, and confirm that they are healthy.
```

Author: This edit has been made.

echo "http://$GATEWAY_URL/productpage"
----
. Copy and paste the output in a web browser to verify the Bookinfo product page is deployed.

.Procedure from Kiali web console

. Obtain the address for the Kiali web console.

> .. Log in to the {product-title} web console as a user with cluster-admin rights. If you use {product-dedicated}, you must have an account with the `dedicated-admin` role.

Reviewer: Missing formatting for 'cluster-admin'  (needs backticks)

.. Navigate to *Networking* -> *Routes*.

.. On the *Routes* page, select the control plane project, for example `istio-system`, from the *Namespace* menu.
+
The *Location* column displays the linked address for each route.
+

.. Click the link in the *Location* column for Kiali.

> c.. Click *Log In With OpenShift*. The Kiali *Overview* screen presents tiles for each project namespace.

Reviewer: Copy/paste error?  There's an extra "c." here which is affecting the number formatting.

Author: Done. Thanks for catching this!
